Add Google and Microsoft OAuth authentication (#1706)
datalab-org/datalab: pydatalab/docs/config.md

If this value is set to `None`, then any GitHub account will be able to register, and if it is set to an empty list, then no accounts will be able to register.
You can find the relevant organization IDs using the GitHub API, for example at `https://api.github.com/orgs/<org_name>`.

#### Google OAuth2

> For Google, you must register an [Google OAuth 2.0 Client](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials?project=gen-lang-client-0810177774) in the Google Cloud Console for your instance. You need to provide the client ID and secret in the .env file for the API using the variable names GOOGLE_OAUTH_CLIENT_ID and GOOGLE_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Google, you must register an [Google OAuth 2.0 Client](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2/web-server) in the Google Cloud Console for your instance.
You need to provide the client ID and secret in the `.env` file for the API using the variable names `GOOGLE_OAUTH_CLIENT_ID` and `GOOGLE_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET`.
```

The original link requires login to your project; these docs should be the right place to point to. Just tidied up some formatting too.

> The Authorized redirect URI in the Google Cloud settings must be set to <YOUR_API_URL>/login/google/authorized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Authorized redirect URI in the Google Cloud settings must be set to `<YOUR_API_URL>/login/google/authorized`.
```

> You can restrict registration to specific email domains using the [GOOGLE_DOMAIN_ALLOW_LIST][pydatalab.config.ServerConfig.GOOGLE_DOMAIN_ALLOW_LIST] setting. If this is set to None, any user with a Google account can register. If you are testing locally without HTTPS, you must also set OAUTHLIB_INSECURE_TRANSPORT=1 and OAUTHLIB_RELAX_TOKEN_SCOPE=1 in your environment to handle Google's strict security requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict registration to specific email domains using the [`GOOGLE_DOMAIN_ALLOW_LIST`][pydatalab.config.ServerConfig.GOOGLE_DOMAIN_ALLOW_LIST] setting.
If this is set to `None` or `null`, any user with a Google account can register.

If you are testing locally without HTTPS, you must also set `OAUTHLIB_INSECURE_TRANSPORT=1` and `OAUTHLIB_RELAX_TOKEN_SCOPE=1` in your environment to circumvent security requirements; this should not be used in production.
```

#### Microsoft OAuth2

> For Microsoft (Azure AD), you must register an [Azure App Registration](https://portal.azure.com/#view/Microsoft_AAD_RegisteredApps/ApplicationsListBlade) for your instance, providing the client ID and secret in the `.env` for the API, using the variable names `MICROSOFT_OAUTH_CLIENT_ID` and `MICROSOFT_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET`. These should be provided in a `.env` file local to your app and not added to your main config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Microsoft (Azure AD), you must register an [Azure App Registration](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/v2-app-types#web-apps) for your instance, providing the client ID and secret in the `.env` for the API, using the variable names `MICROSOFT_OAUTH_CLIENT_ID` and `MICROSOFT_OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET`.
These should be provided in a `.env` file local to your app and not added to your main config file.
```

Probably this is the correct URL for msft docs.

Author: @ml-evs u have Two times "hh" in the start of the link
idk how to correct it
